in this video will have a brief discussion of the benefits and limitations of using the
macro recorder.
Basically,
macro recorder is a great way to check syntax that you're unsure.
You simply head the recorder and look at the code that's been generated.
What it's not so good at is giving you an example of how to actually write a usable,
inefficient macro.
So let's take an example of a macro,
or perhaps a fragment of a larger macro that we might use the recorder to generate.
Let's say that in this section we're interested in having the macro recorder create a table
for us.
And let's say we want to form at the table and two headings in the first row and perhaps,
um,
placeholder text in the second row.
So as we seen before to record a macro,
we go to developer record Macro,
we're not going to save this,
so let's just save it in on untitled document and to insert our table,
we go to insert table and let's just do one row.
So let's say four columns and then insert our headings,
so I'm going to take a real estate example,
so this will be room type.
And then let's say we want to merge these two cells to have a wider cell for description
because we can't use the mouse.
I'm going to hold down the shift key and press the right arrow twice to select both of
those cells granted merged cells.
I'll just goto layout and click on mode cells.
Then I'm in the correct cell to type description on time along,
and let's say that this is dimensions.
Then we press tab and put in some placeholder text to tell the user what goes into this
cell.
So e g bathroom,
a J large main bathroom,
nearly fitted dimensions and for dimensions.
Let's say I'm working in feet in interest and I want to enter feet as an apostrophe and
inches as double quotes.
Now,
of course,
if we have the auto correct switched on,
then when we typed these characters,
we'll get basically curly quotation marks on da curly apostrophes.
So to avoid that,
let's go into file options,
prove it also correct options and just go across to auto format as you type and to switch
off the option straight quotes with smart quotes.
And now we can typing out I mentioned.
So I'm going to say 15 feet six inches by 14 feet,
six inches.
So we have basically gone into the options for the specific purpose of getting rid of smart
quotes.
But as you'll see shortly,
the macro recorder will insert a lot more code that we actually asked for.
The final thing we wanted to do was to form at the table.
So I'm going to go across the design and just choose one of these formats and we're done.
So developer stopped recording.
Let's then move across to the visual basic editor and in models.
As always,
the recorder has called the module Numac Rose.
So let's see what's going on.
Our first command is,
too,
at the table.
Then here we apply the default style.
We didn't actually ask for this,
but because word actually formats the new table,
it also in the code generates that default format in.
Then we've got ourselves type in the text,
and here we can see one of the first bad habits.
If you like that,
the macro recorder will actually get you into.
If you were to get into the habit of basing your Mac rose on recorded code.
It uses the selection object constantly,
so it's not a very good tutor in terms of getting you used to the variety off objects and
elements that you can have inward.
This,
for example,
is all to do with tables,
but there isn't very much that tells you it's to do it tables.
Basically,
it's simply saying selection,
selection,
selection and it doesn't matter what you work with.
It always selects the object that you work with and then uses the selection object to
actually manipulate that element.
The second problem is that when we went into options,
we were interested in one thing only this line.
Now it's very useful if you want to find out what the syntax is to actually get rid of
smart quotes,
to do exactly what we did,
record yourself switching on smart quotes or in this case,
which in them off.
But in actual fact,
what happens is lots of commands which are completely relevant for our purposes also end up
in the code generated by the recorder.
So it's still very useful in order to grab this Intacs that you want and take it into one
of your own Mac Rose.
What it's not so useful for is to give you code that you can actually use as the starting
point for your own Mac Rose.
So it's a bad idea to actually record code and say,
Well,
this is my macro.
I'm going to start with this and then I'm going to try and make it into something usable.
It's much better to treat the macro recorder as a way of generating syntax,
which on some occasions can be quite useful,
in which you can then grab and put into your own macros.
Yes,
we could tidy this up.
We could delay tal the elements which are irrelevant for our purposes.
Surfer.
It's all bull.
All of these options set is that we don't want Is that all of these.
We can get rid off all of those we can get rid off,
and since we now just got one line,
we don't really eat the with,
so that can go.
That's all we need in terms of options.
And we could also get rid of TheStreet.
I'll the default style that we've got up here because in terms of styling or were
interested in,
is this pelant,
where we actually apply great table for accent five,
that blue style that we actually wanted.
So,
yes,
you can tidy things up.
But for the reasons I've mentioned is not really a good starting point for your own macros
,
and you'll find that as you try and scale up the macro,
the performance is really quite poor because the recorder constantly relies on selecting
elements,
activating them,
and then work in on their those active or selected elements.
As you'll see when we start writing our own macros,
there are far better ways of structure in your code so that as you scale up and start
tackling larger projects,
your code is efficient and the performance is acceptable.
The macro recorder is a useful tool for verifying unfamiliar scent tax,
which may be buried within the word off Jake model.
Unfortunately,
the code generated by the macro recorder is not a good base from which to start creating
your own.
Macron's